fix: expect hex tag and metadata when preparing NFT outputs (#1876)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated dependencies;
- `StorageAdapter::get` return type changed to `Result<Option<String>>`;
- `StorageManager::get_account_manager_data` return type changed to `Result<Option<AccountManagerBuilder>>`;

> - `TagFeature` & `MetadataFeature` encoded as hex strings instead of utf-8 strings for NFT Outputs;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Features::{tag, metadata}` encoded as hex strings instead of utf-8 strings for NFT Outputs;
```
